So far, you've coded MCL and evaluated the overall quality of your solution.
Now, you will be able to visualize what you have coded,
or more precisely, MCL in action.
To do so, I am providing you with
the visualization function which takes the number of particles,
the robot's pose, and particles at each time step as arguments.
Note that the plotting functions used here are linked to the Python matplotlib library.
Initially, I am formatting the graph by including
a title and specifying the x and y limits.
Then, I am plotting the original particles with green circles,
and the re-sampled particles with yellow circles.
Following, I am plotting the eight fixed landmarks with red circles.
Moving on, I am plotting the robot position which
is our main point of interest with a blue circle.
Finally, I'm saving the plot and destroying it.
Unfortunately, you will not be able to run this program in the classroom yet.
So, follow the instructions and then edit and run the code.